Journal of the process between Steven Nixon and myself (Alex Antoun) 

Tuesday, 8th of March:
Started spitballing ideas of a research topic that we can model. Have come up with two potential 
candidates one being a kaleidoscope and the other the exploration of how particles stick to
surfaces based on the temperature. Both of us agreed to come up with an extra idea of the coming
Thursday. In one week we'll try to come up with a very bare bones proof of concept to test
our ability to pull this off

Thursday, 10th of March: 
	picked 3 ideas and will spend the weekend scrutinizing and coming up with a proof of 
concept to see if we can actually pull of our ideas. First Idea is the stickyness of an ozone 
particle based on the temperature of the atmosphere. Second idea is exploring famine of a nation 
suffering heavy sanctions with few trading partners and not too much sunlight. Finally a forest
fire simulation that we're keeping on the shelf for now as we know we coulb absolutely pull it off

Tuesday, 15th of March:
	Decided to model why Ozone sensor readings appear to degrade with temperature.
	Cheap sensor is S900 Aeroqual
	Good sensor is 49C thermo environmental Ozone analyzer

	Some Questions we considered:
	ASSUMPTION 1:
	The good sensor (49C thermo environmental Ozone analyzer) can be concluded as such because...
		There exists previous research comapring it to another similar quality sensor.
	
	ASSUMPTION 2:
	Another assumption is that data degrades WITH temperature because of Ozone stickyness...
		Must figure this one out

Thursday, 17th of March:
	Wrote an abstract, however we did not make an practical progress to constructing a model as of yet
this means we will need to update the abstract as we move through. 

Task for Alex: 
	Split data into 1deg(C) temperature bins

Task for Steve:
	Formalize the argyument that the 49C is the more reliable and we can make the assunption that the S900 is the one prone to failure 

Monday 21st of April, to Monday 28th of April : Spring Break

Tuesday, 29th of April:
Began to finalise the abstract for our research, and I had begun to program the sorting program. It 
takes such a long time, its trying to read ~42,000 sensor reads.

Thursday, 31st of April:
Still programming the code in python. Decided to use a Deque in python and sort the queue as it reads
data. Still pretty slow. By realising its slow because every read, the program loops through the existing
list of data, I made it jump by 100's then by 10's until in hones in on the area where new data should
be inserted

Tuesday, 5th of May:
Code is running much faster now and have managed to make it print data within a specified range
